It's pressing people and just looking at the background
My background is not yet known
I'm not qualified to know your background
Yes, if your dad were here
Maybe there is still a chance
Lin Yan, you are dead
I know what happened to Lei Shao in the past
To offend him, at least you have to break a leg
I would have let him leave the party long ago
He doesn't need it.
If you have evidence to speak
Your words
I respect the existence of marriage contracts
But that doesn't mean you can talk to Lei Shao like this
How are you kidding?
I'm not kidding.
Several are out of work
Even Lei Shao is not qualified to know your identity
What are you?
Anything that has that impact
What is business?
I'm giving you one last chance.
Hurry up and keep the princess private
Get out of here!
I can bear to touch you
Against a woman like you
Dirty hands
What are you still doing?
Still afraid of me Li Yan
Are you stupid in jail?
Do you think it is better to fight against the Qin family than to have some medical skills?
Look at how my sister would like such a person
Who knows what decisions will be made later?
Ya'er, please recover your body first.
Don't worry about the recent company affairs.
Let's talk about your marriage to Forestry later
As for the marriage contract
I'll find a way to repay the favor.
Your name is Lei Zhi Shi
I'll give you back what you just said
Now get the hell out of here
I can still let go
otherwise
Your Lei family's good days are coming to an end